1. In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? eg:- values can be
integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.
Answer: 
Values: 'hello', -87.8, 6
Expressions: *, -, /, +


2. What is the difference between string and variable?
Answer: 
A string is a data type and a variable is a container for storing a data type.


3. Describe three different data types.
Answer: 
int: contains whole numbers both positive or negative. E.g.  99, 10000, 2
float: contains numbers with decimals both positive and negative. E.g. 99.456, 599.99, 2.0
string: contains a sequence of characters/literals enclosed withion single or double quotes. E.g. '2', "this is a string", 'A'


4. What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
Answer: 
An expression is a combination of operators and operands which can be variables or literals which produce an output value.
E.g. x + 2 * y + 10, here x and y are variables, 2 and 10 are liteals and * is the operator.
If the value of x is 2 and y is 1, the putput of this expression is 14.


5. This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an
expression and a statement?
Answer: 
An expression is expected to produce an output value but the assignment statement just assigns the value to the variable without any evaluation/computation based on any condition.


6. After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?
bacon = 22
bacon + 1
Answer: 22


7. What should the values of the following two terms be?
'spam' + 'spamspam'
'spam' * 3
Answer: 
'spamspamspam'
'spamspamspam'


8. Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
Answer: Identifiers/variable names cannot start with a number.


9. What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string
version of a value?
Answer: 
int(value)
float(value)
str(value)


10. Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?
'I have eaten ' + 99 + ' burritos.'

Answer: String and integer can't be concatenated/added.
Solution : 'I have eaten ' + str(99) + ' burritos.'

